possibly plot thermo profile anomalies - e.g. deviation of each cloud group by the 
mean of all cloud modules.

scipy and sklearn for feature size:
	e.g. check out:  
		from scipy.ndimage import measurements
    		from scipy.ndimage import label


Allison Wing for Iorg

More robust definition of trade inversion altitude. Something to do with deviation from a
moist adiabat.

Climate path to CAM runs: /data/DATASETS/cesm/EUREC4A_branch/EUREC4A_branch/atm/hist
h0 files should have SST.


Kurtosis

PDF anomalies for T'w'

Color w'w'w' by the cloud groupings.

are w'w' PDFs different with statistical signifance?

comparison of CAM fluxes to obs. Straightforward comparison with immediate 
science benefits.

Control idea for high turbulence near inversion base: horizontal level leg around 
1500 m that isn't part of a cloud module and had clear skies.

Group synoptic states using a clustering algorithm? Or nodal analysis? 

Can get cloud classifications and figures for P-3 from the really nice tools Hauke 
shared. See references folder, 'cloud_classification_references.txt'.

Carol-Ann, Hyodae Seo (WHOI) hseo@whoi.edu

Try scaling altitude for flux profiles in two ways:
	- by inversion bottom
	- by cloud top height

Plot / table showing cloud modules time of day.

My time interval for top leg of ncld04 may have been cut short. Redo.

Maybe post on mattermost see what literature there is for flux profiles.

Time series plot comparing: LCL, trade inv. bottom, trade inv. depth, cloud top 
mean, and cloud top highest quartile. Also include table / plot of symbols 
denoting a few qualitative regimes - e.g. weak trade inversion, 
multiple inversions, etc.

Get: trade inversion top, inversion strength, lower tropo stability, water gradient accross 
trade inversion

Grouping ideas:
	- cloud layer depth
	- trade inversion strength (or lower tropo stability)
	- LHF profile, TKE profile.
	- Moisture above trade inversion

Try gaussian white noise imputation. Time to start tightening up the QC.

Migrate code / data from old ATOMIC directory to new one. Start organizing code 
and directories, especially old code to get data within P3 cloud module time 
intervals.

Fourier transform of the covariance.

Take note of cloud fraction during in cloud leg.

Comparison of fluxes to GCMs

w' vs q quadrant plot for comparison updrafts and downdrafts.

w' vs dD quadrant plot

q vs dD distributions for updraft vs downdrafts (colored in some way by w'?)

sweep ejection

Low level convergence plot?

cartoon schematic of trade cumulus MBL

denisty fluctuation corrections for sensible and latent heat fluxes.

!!!!!!
Develop algorithm to remove transit portions of stacked level legs - e.g. the 
flight portions where P-3 was moving from one level to the other. Maybe can use 
the roll data from the P-3:
	- flag data with roll > 5
	- for flagged segments < ~ 10 seconds, keep the data
	- for lagged segments > ~10 seconds, remove.
	- for remaining data, keep only intervals > 3 consecutive minutes.
	- If there is not at least ## minutes of data total for a given leg, 
	  throw away the leg.
	- fill NAN values with mean values. How does this affect the spectra? 
	  May reduce the power so have to divide by something like (Ngood/Ntot)
	  where Ngood is the number of data points left after the roll screening.
	  Can test this procedure with simple sine wave.

What to do about level legs where the P3 did not fly in a straight line. E.g. 
when the pilots circumvented convection (happened for both cloud modules on 
1/24).

Other, more sophisticated methods for dealing with windows of missing data (also 
see email David sent under my ATOMIC project tab):
	- random gaussian imputation (e.g. fill with white noise)
	- Non-FFT spectral decomp methods, which can handle non-constant timesteps.
!!!!!!

- somewhere down the line, the 5hz altitude data should be replaced with 1Hz data. 
  From what I can see the 1Hz data has had some QC/Calibration that the 5Hz does not.


Ideas for sources of flux comparisons to get reasonability checks
----------------------------------------------------------------
Sommeria and LeMone 1978 LES study of buoyancy flux profiles.
RICO
Peggy Lamone
Gij's Raven flux calcs
DYCOMS
Steven et al 2021 EUREC4A data paper, figure 6.


Look into:
ATR isotope enrichment/depletion for updrafts/downdrafts
Ron Brown LIDAR for eddy covariance measurements and comparison to P-3.
Sunil might also looking at vertical velocity distributions

Could try:
PDFs of vertical velocity from P-3 or lidar. Look at skewness of distributions, 
are these captured in CAM?

Do our cospectra need to follow a -5/3 power law at higher altitudes, or is that 
a near surface property?

what is the predominant angle of the mean wind during ATOMIC? What is the relative
angle of the mean wind in comparison to the north-south and east-west cloud 
module trajectories?

normalize w'w' by w*

normalize fluxes by something like surface buoyancy flux, w*^3 = B0*zi; As starting 
point could use the metflux files from RHB

Look at frequency correction techniques. Some sources in this dir:
	- "Brief_Intro_Eddy_Covariance" (starting at pp.114).
	- "Flux Sampling Errors for Aircraft and Towers"

Have to check for along vs. crosswind differences in spectra, e.g. what direction 
relative to the wind was the P-3 flying? Some references in this dir:
	- Bean et al JAS 1972.
	- ...

Try using alternate temperature measurements (on drive that Gijs shared).

get error bars on fluxes by computing spectra for each 3min window, then get 
flux estimate for each spectra. The spread of these fluxes gives an estimate of 
uncertainty

Check for flux calcs for BOMEX, ASTEX

Buoyancy flux at PBL top in theory is -0.2*(surface buoyancy flux). This theory 
is for PBL topped by inversions and little to no turbulence above. So this does 
not describe the trade cumulus MBL. Does it follow this rule or another one?